XLS-0065d - Single Asset Vault (#128)
ripple/opensource.ripple.com: docs/xls-65d-single-asset-vault/reference/vault.md

| `AssetAvailable`    | Number        | Number        | Yes       | The asset amount that is available in the vault. |
| `LossUnrealized`    | Number        | Number        | Yes       | The potential loss amount that is not yet realized, expressed as the vault's asset. Only a protocol connected to the vault can modify this attribute. |
| `AssetMaximum`      | Number        | Number        | No        | The maximum asset amount that can be held in the vault. If set to 0, this indicates there is no cap. |
| `Share`             | Object        | MPT           | Yes       | The identifier of the share [MPTokenIssuance](./mptoken-issuance.md) object. |
| `WithdrawalPolicy`  | String        | UInt8         | Yes       | Indicates the withdrawal strategy used by the vault. |

## {% $frontmatter.seo.title %} Flags

The {% code-page-name /%} object supports the following flags:

| Flag Name         | Flag Value   | Description                 |
| :---------------- | :----------- | :---------------------------|
| `lsfVaultPrivate` | `0x00010000` | If set, indicates that the vault is private. This flag can only be set when _creating_ the vault. |

## Vault ID Format

> The key of the {% code-page-name /%} object is the [`SHA512-Half`](https://xrpl.org/docs/references/protocol/data-types/basic-data-types#hashes) of the following values, concatenated in order:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ID of a {% code-page-name /%} entry is the [`SHA512-Half`](https://xrpl.org/docs/references/protocol/data-types/basic-data-types#hashes) of the following values, concatenated in order:
```
